# WorkingExamples
This repository contains some examples of my work.

It is divided into five subcategories:

   * bash: bash scripts using cdo, NCO, netCDF binaries, GMT, and some default
            command line tools
   * DB: example case for using a database
   * R: TODO
   * Wiki: ...

## bash

These scripts are examples of scripts, which I use as part of my daily 
work. They document the usage of cdo, NCO and netCDF binaries as well as
of bash scripts.

The scripts in the directories 01_* to 04_* are running out of the box (for 
03_* and 04_* an active internet connection is needed). Scripts in directories 
11_* and 12_* do not run out of the box because some input file are missing. 
They are not intended to be executable but they should show my programming 
style and the features I use. 

### 01_makeOCEAN_basic

One script to create a input netCDF file for a model run.

#### make_ocean_quick.sh 
This script creates an OCEANfile for CMAQ (Community Multiscale Air Quality 
Model). CMAQ uses CMAS-IOAPI, which is an 'add-on'-library to netCDF. IOAPI 
uses a specific set of global attributes. IOAPI seems to access variables not 
by name but by their index in the netCDF file. Thesefore, variables in netCDF 
input files for CMAQ need to be in a specific order.

This script creates a netCDF file with the specific variable order and with 
the needed global attributes.

This script cleans up automatically. Please comment out the last line to 
prevent it from doing the cleanup.

Needed file: ./GRIDCRO/GRIDCRO2D_cd24_2012001

Location of the output file: ./OCEAN


### 02_makeGridDef

One script to create a cdo grid definition file.

#### makeGridDef.sh 
A netCDF file containing lon and lat coordinates of a model grid is used to 
create a text grid definition file used by cdo to interpolate data.

Needed data: ./COORDS/coords_CD64.x_y_time.nc

Location of the output file: ./GRIDS


### 03_interpolate2CMAQ

This folder contains two scripts. There is one main scripts, which 
interpolates Baltic Sea topography data from one grid onto another.
The second script is for cleaning up the directory.

#### plot_bathy_main.sh 
Downloads data, extracts it and interpolates it.

Needed data: ./GRIDS/griddef_CMAQ_CD24

Location of the output file: ./OUTPUT

Reference input data:
T. Seifert, F. Tauber, B. Kayser: 2001: *"A high resolution spherical grid topography of the Baltic Sea - 2nd edition"*, Baltic Sea Science Congress, Stockholm 25-29. November 2001, Poster #147, [www.io-warnemuende.de/iowtopo](www.io-warnemuende.de/iowtopo). 

#### clean_up.sh
Just clean up the directory.


### 04_plot_bathymetry

This folder contains three scripts. There is one main scripts, which creates 
a plot of the Baltic Sea Bathymetry.

#### plot_bathy_main.sh
Downloads data, extracts it and creates a nice plot.

_Location of the output file (*.ps file):_ ./21_pics

_Reference input data:_
T. Seifert, F. Tauber, B. Kayser: 2001: *"A high resolution spherical grid topography of the Baltic Sea - 2nd edition"*, Baltic Sea Science Congress, Stockholm 25-29. November 2001, Poster #147, [www.io-warnemuende.de/iowtopo](www.io-warnemuende.de/iowtopo). 

#### plot_bathy_convert_ps2png.sh 
converts the ps file generated by the main script into a png file.

Precondition: run ./plot_bathy_main.sh

Location of the output file (*.png file): ./21_pics

#### clean_up.sh
Just clean up the directory.


### 11_makeBSH




### 12_prepare_data_for_cera






## DB

TODO


## R

TODO


## Wiki

TODO
